README.md, before:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fcommerce&project-name=commerce&repo-name=commerce&demo-title=Next.js%20Commerce&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.vercel.store&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fbigcommerce-demo-asset-ksvtgfvnd.vercel.app%2Fbigcommerce.png&env=COMPANY_NAME,SHOPIFY_REVALIDATION_SECRET,SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN,SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_ACCESS_TOKEN,SITE_NAME,TWITTER_CREATOR,TWITTER_SITE)

# Next.js Commerce

A Next.js 13 and App Router-ready ecommerce template featuring:

- Next.js App Router
- Optimized for SEO using Next.js's Metadata
- React Server Components (RSCs) and Suspense
- Server Actions for mutations
- Edge Runtime
- New fetching and caching paradigms
- Dynamic OG images
- Styling with Tailwind CSS
- Checkout and payments with Shopify
- Automatic light/dark mode based on system settings

<h3 id="v1-note"></h3>

> Note: Looking for Next.js Commerce v1? View the [code](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/tree/v1), [demo](https://commerce-v1.vercel.store), and [release notes](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/releases/tag/v1).

## Providers

Vercel will only be actively maintaining a Shopify version [as outlined in our vision and strategy for Next.js Commerce](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/pull/966).

Vercel is more than happy to partner and work with any commerce provider to help them get a similar template up and running and listed below. Alternative providers should be able to fork this repository and swap out the `lib/shopify` file with their own implementation while leaving the rest of the template mostly unchanged.

- Shopify (this repository)
- [BigCommerce](https://github.com/bigcommerce/nextjs-commerce) ([Demo](https://next-commerce-v2.vercel.app/))
- [Medusa](https://github.com/medusajs/vercel-commerce) ([Demo](https://medusa-nextjs-commerce.vercel.app/))
- [Saleor](https://github.com/saleor/nextjs-commerce) ([Demo](https://saleor-commerce.vercel.app/))
- [Shopware](https://github.com/shopwareLabs/vercel-commerce) ([Demo](https://shopware-vercel-commerce-react.vercel.app/))
- [Swell](https://github.com/swellstores/verswell-commerce) ([Demo](https://verswell-commerce.vercel.app/))

## Running locally

You will need to use the environment variables [defined in `.env.example`](.env.example) to run Next.js Commerce. It's recommended you use [Vercel Environment Variables](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/environment-variables) for this, but a `.env` file is all that is necessary.

> Note: You should not commit your `.env` file or it will expose secrets that will allow others to control your Shopify store.

1. Install Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
2. Link local instance with Vercel and GitHub accounts (creates `.vercel` directory): `vercel link`
3. Download your environment variables: `vercel env pull`

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

<details>
  <summary>Expand if you work at Vercel and want to run locally and / or contribute</summary>

1. Run `vc link`.
1. Select the `Vercel Solutions` scope.
1. Connect to the existing `commerce-shopify` project.
1. Run `vc env pull` to get environment variables.
1. Run `pmpm dev` to ensure everything is working correctly.
</details>

## Vercel, Next.js Commerce, and Shopify Integration Guide

You can use this comprehensive [integration guide](http://vercel.com/docs/integrations/shopify) with step-by-step instructions on how to configure Shopify as a headless CMS using Next.js Commerce as your headless Shopify storefront on Vercel.

Commit message:

Adds download link for product assets (#1179)

README.md, after:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fcommerce&project-name=commerce&repo-name=commerce&demo-title=Next.js%20Commerce&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.vercel.store&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fbigcommerce-demo-asset-ksvtgfvnd.vercel.app%2Fbigcommerce.png&env=COMPANY_NAME,SHOPIFY_REVALIDATION_SECRET,SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN,SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_ACCESS_TOKEN,SITE_NAME,TWITTER_CREATOR,TWITTER_SITE)

# Next.js Commerce

A Next.js 13 and App Router-ready ecommerce template featuring:

- Next.js App Router
- Optimized for SEO using Next.js's Metadata
- React Server Components (RSCs) and Suspense
- Server Actions for mutations
- Edge Runtime
- New fetching and caching paradigms
- Dynamic OG images
- Styling with Tailwind CSS
- Checkout and payments with Shopify
- Automatic light/dark mode based on system settings

<h3 id="v1-note"></h3>

> Note: Looking for Next.js Commerce v1? View the [code](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/tree/v1), [demo](https://commerce-v1.vercel.store), and [release notes](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/releases/tag/v1).

## Providers

Vercel will only be actively maintaining a Shopify version [as outlined in our vision and strategy for Next.js Commerce](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/pull/966).

Vercel is happy to partner and work with any commerce provider to help them get a similar template up and running and listed below. Alternative providers should be able to fork this repository and swap out the `lib/shopify` file with their own implementation while leaving the rest of the template mostly unchanged.

- Shopify (this repository)
- [BigCommerce](https://github.com/bigcommerce/nextjs-commerce) ([Demo](https://next-commerce-v2.vercel.app/))
- [Medusa](https://github.com/medusajs/vercel-commerce) ([Demo](https://medusa-nextjs-commerce.vercel.app/))
- [Saleor](https://github.com/saleor/nextjs-commerce) ([Demo](https://saleor-commerce.vercel.app/))
- [Shopware](https://github.com/shopwareLabs/vercel-commerce) ([Demo](https://shopware-vercel-commerce-react.vercel.app/))
- [Swell](https://github.com/swellstores/verswell-commerce) ([Demo](https://verswell-commerce.vercel.app/))

> Note: Providers, if you are looking to use similar products for your demo, you can [download these assets](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q_bKerjrwZgHwCw0ovfUMW6He9VtepO_/view?usp=sharing).

## Running locally

You will need to use the environment variables [defined in `.env.example`](.env.example) to run Next.js Commerce. It's recommended you use [Vercel Environment Variables](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/environment-variables) for this, but a `.env` file is all that is necessary.

> Note: You should not commit your `.env` file or it will expose secrets that will allow others to control your Shopify store.

1. Install Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
2. Link local instance with Vercel and GitHub accounts (creates `.vercel` directory): `vercel link`
3. Download your environment variables: `vercel env pull`

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

<details>
  <summary>Expand if you work at Vercel and want to run locally and / or contribute</summary>

1. Run `vc link`.
1. Select the `Vercel Solutions` scope.
1. Connect to the existing `commerce-shopify` project.
1. Run `vc env pull` to get environment variables.
1. Run `pmpm dev` to ensure everything is working correctly.
</details>

## Vercel, Next.js Commerce, and Shopify Integration Guide

You can use this comprehensive [integration guide](http://vercel.com/docs/integrations/shopify) with step-by-step instructions on how to configure Shopify as a headless CMS using Next.js Commerce as your headless Shopify storefront on Vercel.
